hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a superhero action film: "The Old Guard"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the city of Morocco, a man riding a motorbike
stops in front of a woman in short hair named Andy
they look at each other and smile
They are old friends, but they haven't seen each other for long
the man is called Booker, and has worked for Andy for years in the past
this time, he accepts a job from the former CIA agent James
and would like Andy to join him
James starts a company specializing in hostage rescue
this time, the mission is to rescue some girls in South Sudan
James would like to hire Andy at a high price
though Andy doesn't make deals with strangers
she agrees to meet James first at Booker's insistence
before meeting James, she contacts a couple, Joe and Nicky
who live a seclusion life in the downtown
they are very happy to see each other
when Andy tells them her purpose for this trip
Joe and Nicky feel grad to accept the job because that's what they are good at
the next day, Andy meets James as promised
James answers Andy's questions in detail
from the background information to the action plan
she finally lets down her guard
in fact, Andy has set Joy as a sniper, watching James' every movement
if something goes wrong, Joy will shoot him immediately
actually, the sly James knows about their plan
after winning Andy's trust, he even waves at the sniper
after some preparation, Andy and her team fly to South Susan in a helicopter
bringing all sorts of weapons, including the high-tech ones
when the night falls, Andy and other three teammates sneak into the village as planned
after taking down the security guards quietly
they find a house and notice many old shoes placing at the door
it seems to be the place where they hold the hostages
so they blow up the door and run inside
however, they find no hostages inside at all
Andy soon realizes it is a damned trap, but it is too late
several masked men in full gear suddenly shoot at them
Andy and her teammates are all terminated by heavy gunshots
as the masked men think the game is over and are about to leave
they are astonished to see Andy begin to heal
and surprisingly, bullets are pushed out of their bodies
the four dead slowly get up and fight back
before the masked men can figure out what's happening
soon all the masked men are killed
after that however, Andy finds a camera in a corner
now she realizes they are set up by James
who is right now watching them in front of the monitor
he can't believe what he has seen
however, their regeneration has been recorded remotely
in anger, Andy breaks the camera before leaving with her teammates
Andy decides to find James and find out what he really wants
otherwise, they will be brought into big trouble
in Afganistan, while the US troops are searching for terrorists hiding in civilian's houses
a female soldier has her throat cut by a terrorist during the mission
the cut is so deep that people think she is going to die
strangely, when she is carried back to be base, she recovers miraculously
her experience is shared with Andy and the other three in the dream
Andy knows this soldier is one of them who have regenerative healing power
and she is going to meet troubles
in order to help this confused soldier, Andy decides to go and find the soldier on her own
while the other three stick to the original plan of hunting James
later, the female soldier's comrades are astonished to see her recovery
but they don't cheer for her
instead, they think she is a freak
after all, a normal person would have died in that situation
the female soldier doesn't know what she has done wrong
and why she is excluded from the group
meanwhile, in London, a pharmaceutical expert is delivering a passionate speech
his company is researching how to prolong human life and has made a breakthrough
but he needs more funding for future research
James sends the video of their regeneration to the expert
the expert feels excited to see those people with amazing power
which are the perfect specimens for his research project
so he orders James to bring these four people back to him at any cost
in the military base, the female soldier's situation isn't getting better
she is ordered to go to Germany for more tests
just before the plane takes off, Andy appears
Andy strikes down a couple of soldiers and takes the female soldier away
after she knocks her out
when the female soldier wakes up, she tries to escape
but she is shot in the head by Andy
after a while, the female soldier's wound heals itself
Andy tells the female soldier that they are all immortal
they will heal but won't be killed
however, the female soldier is so confused and doesn't believe her smelly shit
Andy asks the female soldier to come with her
it won't be long before she knows the truth
the female soldier has no better choice
but to get on a personal aircraft to London with Andy
however, the female soldier still can't believe that she is immortal
on the plane, she attacks suddenly
Andy retaliates and breaks the female soldier's arm and leg
after a few minutes,  the female soldier's wounds heal again
she begins to believe that she has some kind of mysterious power
moments later, Andy leads the female soldier to a remote mansion
where her teammates are waiting for them
they explain to the female soldier all about the immortals, their role in helping people
and their healing power as well
and also, the immortal community can even share dreams with each other
which is what made them notice her existence and find her
for centuries they have been playing the role of guards and helping to rescue innocent people
Andy tells the female soldier that immortals can actually die
one day if their wounds stop healing without any warning, they will die
until this point, all the weird happenings finally make sense to the female soldier
she has been haunted by the same nightmares for a long time
in the dream, a woman is locked in an iron maiden and cast into the sea
the woman in the dream is drowning and screaming in despair
there is a mournful silence as the group hear her dream
later, they tell her that the woman in her dream is called Quynh
the first immortal that Andy found hundreds of years ago
in joint efforts, they fought against the evil powers through many historic battles
but because of their immortality, there were accused of the dark witches by the church
and punished with repeated tortures
however, they would not die no matter what the church did to them
therefore, the church locked Quynh in an iron maiden and cast her into the sea
even though the immortals won't die, they can feel the pain
so Quynh keeps drowning and coming back to life, suffering the endless torment
Andy can't forgive herself for what happened to Quynh
later, the group are ambushed by armed soldiers
after fierce gunfire, Booker is seriously injured, while Joy and Nicky are captured up
Andy knows these men must be sent by James
enraged by the attack, she terminates all the enemies who haven't yet left
and then leaves the mansion with the female soldier and Booker
they rest in an abandoned mine and try to figure out how to find James
just then, Andy realizes that her wound is not healing
which means she is not immortal anymore
but Andy doesn't tell anyone about that
she knows the current mission is to rescue the captured Joy and Nicky
she can't let others worry about her
meanwhile, Joy and Nicky are taken to the expert
after their regenerative healing abilities are confirmed
they are taken to a lab for experiments
James thought the expert just wanted to take some samples from the immortals
and never expected the expert would conduct cruel experiments on them
they will never let Joy and Niky leave the lab alive
right then, James feels sorry for them, but he doesn't dare to express his defiance
later, Booker finds out where James lives
Andy takes the female soldier there straight away
however, the female soldier doesn't want to kill anymore and withdraws from the mission
Andy doesn't force her
instead, she gives her a gun for self-defense and lets her leave in the car
soon after, Andy and Booker find James
just when Andy is trying to find out why James is hunting them
Booker suddenly shoots Andy in the back
it's revealed that Booker has betrayed Andy and the immortals
and he believes that as long as the expert can unlock the secret of their immortality
there will be a way to end it, so that he can live a normal life
James is helping the expert to set Andy up and capture the group
because he wants to find a way to cure all diseases after his wife died of cancer
when Booker surprisingly sees that Andy's wound doesn't heal
he regrets it a lot and tries to save her
however, everything is too late
the expert finds them and takes them away
James is knocked out when he tries to stop the expert
luckily, the female soldier changes her mind and returns to help Andy
but only to find James there
she is so guilty that she couldn't come earlier
in James' office, the female soldier learns that for centuries
Andy and her group have been rescuing people and maintaining peace in the human world
the female soldier begins to admire Andy for her sacrifices
she decides to go and save Andy
having figured out the expert's evil purpose
James decides to help the female soldier, so he takes her to the expert's lab
later, the female soldier gets shot by the security guards
but she pretends to be dead and takes a good chance to clear all of them in an instant
shortly after, she finds Andy and the other teammates in a lab
after being set free, they take up weapons quickly and rush to the swarming enemies outside
with sharp skills and the power of healing, they beat the gunmen just like a piece of shit
and manage to break through the heavy siege finally
in the end, they find and confront the expert, who resists giving up
while the expert is pointing a gun at Andy during the confrontation
the female soldier, knowing that Andy is vulnerable
runs between them and grabs the expert, then throws both of them out of the window
falling all the way to a car parking on the street
as a result, the expert is killed instantly while the female soldier is seriously injured
but soon, she recovers and helped to her feet by her group
finally, the group unite again
and continue their mission to rescue innocent people under Andy's leadership
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out